[IOTDB-2313][REST API Doc] how to avoid GC overhead (#4926)
apache/iotdb: docs/UserGuide/API/RestService.md

## RESTful Services  
IoTDB's RESTful services can be used for query, write, and management operations, using the OpenAPI standard to define interfaces and generate frameworks.

> ###Enable restful services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable RESTful Services
```

**Examples:**

> Tip: to avoid oom problems, select * from root.xx.** is not recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: Statements like `select * from root.xx.**` are not recommended because those statements may cause OOM.
```
